dear mr. Breen mr. Steve Chen mr. Chad
Hurley mr. Gela Karim and whoever else
is in charge of making my favorite
youtube I have some sad news concerning
the Russian office of your worldwide
company and yes sorry for my bad english
my name is Dmitry and I have over a
million and 100,000 subscribers on
YouTube with a medium of 400,000 views
on each video the main topic of my
videos is social and economic issues
concerning my country a Russian
Federation maybe you have heard about
the oppressed Liberty of speech and the
Russian media TV radio newspapers with
every day it is more and more difficult
to tell venues that are not accepted by
the Russian government
no criticizing of Putin's internal or
external politics is allowed and now
they're making the Russian YouTube look
like Russian TV I know where are some
you YouTube rules regarding hatred and
discrimination so the videos where
people kill each other and terrorists
were there crazy species would be banned
I find it great and necessary in the
modern world but we always have but in
Russia I have all the reasons to believe
Russian YouTube is working with the
Putin's government deliberately
destroying the YouTube channels who are
criticizing Russian politics first
reason YouTube rule about hatred is the
reason to delete only the opposition
videos yesterday Russian YouTube deleted
to be or YouTube channel which was
telling many news regarding the mistakes
and crimes of the public servants in
Russia the channel's creator however did
no racial or discriminating or hatred
videos his main priority is to tell
about the problems in Russia nobody else
is telling make them public and
notorious not--which the channel had
only 83 thousand subscribers but made
enough use on the videos to make
problems for the government so Russian
YouTube makes free strikes for the
channel saying it is hatred and deletes
the channel another YouTube channel
having troubles with strikes from the
Russian YouTube is Young's channel if
creator tells about policemen's unlawful
doings and crimes he gets much more
views than the previous channel but
still
hatred is the reason he has two strikes
already but there is no hatred on his
videos only stories describing the
terrible work of the police in Russia
maybe you would say hatred is how you
live in Russia it's okay to delete these
videos and you would be right if Russian
YouTube deleted all the videos with
hatred all the videos with hatred and
made strikes for these channels as well
but it is not so vivid example is when a
virus Hitler video which was not deleted
when it got to the Russian YouTube top
with the help of a millions government
both views but still no hatred from the
Russian YouTube for this video for
example this video where Russian
politician jury Norskies openly calls
out to the hatred towards Western
countries
[Music]
this video is not deleted because of
hatred as well as many similar videos on
the Russian YouTube let me assume the
reason is there is no criticism of
Russian government in this video it's
the same with nearly all the videos with
the criticism of the Western countries
on Russian YouTube no strikes for hatred
strikes for hatred are only for the
opposition channels telling about the
criminals and the government YouTube
channel whose great is anatoly sharij
who criticizes the russian opposition
the same way we criticize the russian
government is not facing any problems
with hatred as to be all youtube channel
anatoly sharij channel is not blocked
and he is ok russian youtube thinks it
is ok in russia to criticize anything
but the russian government
i got one strike as well for the reasons
of hatred on a regular video with no
hatred at all just telling about
economic and social mistakes of
authorities in Russia
yes Russian YouTube looks forward
closing my channel as well but not so
fast as to be all channel because I have
over a million subscribers and that
beer scandal they'd rather make it step
by step
various plenty of time till the Putin's
elections just like the Russian
policemen and special services Russian
YouTube prefers causing trouble to the
opposition channels with minimum
publicity Russian YouTube did not answer
to my appellation not sustaining the
fact that's already two weeks and they
do not explain the proper reasons they
deleted the opposition videos so you see
Russian YouTube found this reason of
hatred for deleting videos criticizing
Russian government completely forgetting
the real reason hatred was added to our
YouTube community rules and Russian
YouTube does not do the same about
videos with hatred towards the Western
countries of the Russian opposition
second major problem is the
uncontrollable amounts of both in the
top of Russian YouTube yes where do
these boats make dislikes thousands of
dislikes under the videos of their
position channels check what users made
the dislikes and you will understand
these are fake accounts used by the
Russian government to dump their
position channels as well as the
dislikes Russian government BOTS make
hundreds of thousands of additional
views to different videos criticizing
Russian opposition and Western countries
nothing is done by the Russian YouTube
with that videos however these videos
should be deleted because of fraud and
fake views please check we users making
fake dislikes and fake views on some of
the economic social and politics videos
with the help of your access to the
insides of the Russian YouTube you can
easily check that all by the way just
look at my income for the last month so
many views so little income the reason
is special lists for the position
channels are created in Russian YouTube
these channels get no advertising to
leave them without money so Putin won't
be criticized let me be clear
I'm font of the YouTube service it is a
great possibility to make plural
opinions in the Russian media there was
something different about how TV or
radio and newspapers explain how
Russians live and how the Western
countries that generate Russian media
really tells
Russians that the Western countries
to generate seriously it's now a joke
were really Telus and it is a great
problem Russian YouTube became the
Russian TV with the same censorship
censorship towards the channels that are
criticizing Putin's government the
reason of hatred to delete these videos
and these channels are made up
completely made up this hatred has
nothing to do with the real hatred
killers and terrorists proclaim in their
crazy videos Russian YouTube is using
hatred as the possibility to dump their
position channels just like it tolerate
government BOTS and videos in top of
Russian YouTube they push hope you take
a serious look in Russian YouTube and
make something about it it sends ship
politics completely fulfills that
Putin's government interests but they do
not fulfill the freedom of speech
requirements thank you
